[MUSIC]
Nice job finishing up week three.
We hope that you enjoyed this look at
an application of data visualization.
Data visualization allows us to use
the power of graphics to present
information to clients in a concise way.
It helps us tell the story of the data.
It helps us take vast amounts of data and
turn it into usable information and
insights.
You saw how you can use a large variety
of formats and visuals to help you and
your audience make more informed
decisions and judgments.
We looked at principles to enable
effective storytelling through the correct
selection, creation, and
presentation of tables and charts.
We started off by discussion
data visualization basics,
outlining the theory and
concepts behind data visualization.
We then looked at some detailed
graphing and charting demonstrations.
You also got the chance to build your own
charts to effectively tell your story.
Remember, it's always important to think
about the message you are trying to convey
using the data.
For example, are you trying to show
that certain metrics have improved
over the last fiscal year?
Or are you trying to
explain an urgent need for
better controls in a procurement cycle?
The same data displayed differently
can produce a completely
different takeaway for the audience.
So think through your message first.
We're seeing that data in
analytics today is underpinning
every kind of business challenge.
Being able to harness the powerful
tools we explored this week
allows you to effectively visualize data
and present an analysis that anyone can
clearly understand what
the information means.
Thanks for joining us.
I'll be back next week to get you started.
[MUSIC]